Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? I'm going to deliver a pretty heavy word today; I hope you all are ready for this. I know I haven't been on much; I've been praying about this.
As a Watchman, it's not always easy to come out and tell you all some of the things that I see, but it's my job, and I'm going to tell you what I see.
I prayed over this one for quite a while before delivering this because of how heavy this word is.
I just feel like I should pray before I start because I want you to receive this; it is a very stern warning about things, and I was taken aback by it.
So, let's just pray real quick and get right into it. Father, I thank You that You speak through my vocal cords and You think through my mind.
I ask You for none of me and all of You. Every word that I say, Father, I thank You, Holy Spirit, that You help me to deliver it to Your people.
Father, may this minister to them, and may they take it as the warning that You've given me about the end times and where we are.
Father, I pray that they would take it to You in prayer and meditate on the Word.
They won't get into fear; they will meditate on the Word and understand who they are in Christ.
Lord, I just thank You in Jesus'name, Amen. Now, here comes the word. This is the urgency of what the Lord showed me.
While I was praying, I put my prayer shawl on and went into deep intercession.
All of a sudden, the Lord opened my eyes, and in the spirit realm, I was taken over and saw a meeting.
I'm going to have to be very careful how I deliver this because of the things that I saw.
I'm going to just say it like this: I want you all to read between the lines as much as possible, because things that I see could jeopardize me and put me in danger.
So, let's just use a little wisdom here. I was taken up in the spirit and saw a meeting where they were contemplating the next virus.
They were in a room, and I could see the heads of these leaders; I'll leave it at that. I won't say who I saw, but they were negotiating.
The obesity epidemic across the world has reached heights beyond anybody's comprehension on purpose.
Remember when I told you all I saw 350 million people perish?
350 million would go home, but I didn't know how; I thought it was going to be a COVID-like thing.
I saw a laboratory. I saw AI computer technology, and AI was creating a super-virus.
They were using AI to create something more dangerous in the end times than COVID was.
I could see DNA strands running like computer code. COVID was barely even used in this new strand.
It was all over here, and they were taking lines from high blood pressure medicine, diabetes medicine, and splicing it into this virus, spanning off of obesity.
It was being perfected. Skinny people who were not overweight, who took care of themselves, ate right, and maintained a good BMI, were safe.
They had immunities inside of them somehow to be able to sustain their bodies and not perish.
But people who were on diabetic medicine, high blood pressure medicine, or high cholesterol medicines were targets.
If you were heavy, you were a target throughout the whole world.
I heard them say, 'Obesity is a drain on our economy; it's a drain on society; therefore, we must eliminate this.'I saw a plan to eliminate—and I'm going to be very careful—a group of people because the healthcare system is too much.
I'm going to put a clip in right here that shows exactly what I saw—how much it's costing the healthcare system.
The number of morbidly obese people across the United States has skyrocketed to over 30% in the last 20 years.
What is obesity costing you and me, the taxpayer? Compared to other expenditures, it adds up quickly.
Flying the president for one year in Air Force One costs us $500 million.
All costs associated with illegal aliens in California alone cost taxpayers $9 billion a year.
The 'No Child Left Behind'policy is a staggering $23 billion a year.
Drunk driving costs $24 billion a year. How does obesity stand up?
When you add up increased insurance costs, loss of work, and increased Medicare and Medicaid costs, it comes to $80 billion a year.
That's more than all those other programs combined. Now, I saw Seven Deadly Sins.
I saw Satan, and he was the head of the meeting. I saw a 'V'like Roman numeral five. At first, there were pillars, and I saw Seven Deadly Sins.
I'm not familiar with this because I didn't realize this came from the Catholic Church; I'm studying this out before I present it.
There were two pillars; five were all together—the things that people really recognize, like anger, lust, and wrath.
I'm sorry, I'll butcher it since I don't have the verse in front of me, but these things the Lord hates: a lying spirit, a heart quick to shed innocent blood.
Five went like this, and two were right here: slothfulness and gluttony. These were not as upfront as the other sins.
In the spirit, I saw light shining on the five, but the devil pushed these two—gluttony and slothfulness—to the front to expose them because they weren't as bright.
He was pushing them to the front, and then I saw him petitioning the Father because of Grace.
There has been a grace over what we would consider a lack of concern, but there are many heavy people in the Body of Christ.
He was calling forth all the scriptures, throwing them at the Father, and calling for judgment over obesity, saying this is an open door from seedtime and harvest.
He was petitioning the open door for judgment concerning this.
I'm a Watchman, and I'm here to tell you there is a plan for the enemy to design something to wipe people out.
This is something else I thought was interesting: I saw them using bumblebees.
These scientists were taking queen bees—big bees—and trying to figure out how to genetically alter them.
Very strange, and I'm still praying over this. This genetic code using AI for this new thing will line up with the end-time Pale Horse rider.
After I cried out for mercy, the Lord gave me more time and said, 'Brandon, get the weight off.'I have had a mandate by the Spirit of God to do whatever it takes to get this weight off and keep it off.
I'm telling you all out of love; it's not to point fingers. I call for Grace.
Father, forgive me and help me to get the weight off and take care of my body. I don't want to be bound by food addictions anymore.
I have to reprogram my mind because the value meal at a Burger King or McDonald's was the standard.
I had to ask myself: what is a right portion? I'm 43 years old and have no clue.
I'm having to educate myself. Is six ounces of meat a day with lots of vegetables right?
Some say carnivore, but I need to know what's good for me. This is serious.
The average diet is 2,000 calories, but you have to eat less than that.
I got a calorie app and was shocked; I was eating a ton every day, and that's how I got to be over 300 pounds.
I'm trying to make this a lifestyle because the Spirit of God mandated it.
The Lord said, 'You're out of time for what's coming.'I felt so much spiritual pressure.
These 'bad guys'are crazy, just like Hitler was. They have a mandate to lower healthcare costs.
I'm just trying to warn you and not put you in fear. If you want to say I'm nuts, fine, but at least I told you.
Jesus is coming. We're in the end of the end. The dark's getting darker, but the light's getting lighter. Jesus is in us, and we have nothing to fear.
I'm believing God for supernatural healing for every one of you, that you'll be delivered from obesity and whatever they're trying to spice with this AI stuff.
It's darker than people realize. Don't give up; get this weight off and take care of your bodies because for some of you, it will be life and death.
We are not to fear because of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23. But when the Lord petitions me to get 100 pounds off as quickly as possible, I listen.
I saw this going into 2025. We are the Temple of the Holy Ghost, and He dwells on the inside of us.
He has told me to get the 100 pounds off. I'm down 35 pounds, and my goal for March is another 20 to 30 pounds.
I'm going to be the healthiest I've ever been, riding my bike and eating right.
My blood pressure is perfect. The devil is legalistic; he knows the Bible better than we do.
He’s not Holy Ghost-filled like us, but he knows the Word. I could hear him quoting gluttony scriptures.
I was frozen in my tracks listening to him petition against me because I was obese. I pleaded the blood and took communion.
The door was open because of seedtime and harvest, but Grace kept it from happening.
This seedtime and harvest is going to accelerate beyond anything you can comprehend.
The sower and the reaper are going to go hand-in-hand in any area of your life.
It's the acceleration of seedtime and harvest. If you have an urgency to get the weight off, take care of your body.
Father, I thank You for everyone listening. May this not bring fear but an urgency to take care of their temple.
I thank You that they have wisdom and revelation knowledge.
We break the spirit of addiction to junk food in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over pastas, sweets, and cookies. Father, I thank You that we get the weight off and stay fit.
I take authority over demonic spirits causing eating disorders.
We command our minds and hormones to line up with the Word of God. We crucify our flesh daily.
God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I pray blessings and healing over your bodies. You are healed and whole.
I call you delivered from addictions, from drugs to alcohol to lust.
You don't have to be bound by the devil. We call forth freedom in the name of Jesus.
We call for Grace and Mercy. Thank you for being part of this video.
If you could click that notification bell, it would bless us.
Thank you for liking and subscribing. We're warning people of the devil's tactics.
Jesus is coming soon. Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you so much. We will see you all next time. Bye-bye.